Include Centrifuger in taxprofiler (#753)
nf-core/taxprofiler: docs/output.md

### Centrifuger

[Centrifuger](https://github.com/mourisl/centrifuger) is a taxonomic sequence classifier (bulk and single-cell data, short and long read) using FM-index with run-block compressed BWT.

<details markdown="1">
<summary>Output files</summary>

- `centrifuger/`
  - `<db_name>/` - `<sample_id>.centrifuger.classification.tsv`: File containing classification assignment for each read (read ID, taxonomy ID, score, length etc.) - `<sample_id>.centrifuger.report.tsv`: A kraken-style report that summarizes the taxID, taxonomicRank, length of genome sequence, number of classified reads and
  uniquely classified reads. - `<sample_id>.centrifuge.classified.fq.gz`: FASTQ file containng classified reads (optional, if `--centrifuger_save_reads`. - `<sample_id>.centrifuge.unclassified.fq.qz`: FASTQ file containng unclassified reads (optional, if `--centrifuger_save_reads`. - `centrifuger_<id>_combined_reports.txt`: Combined multi-sample Kraken-style report (produced by KrakenTools' `combine_kreports.py`)

>   </details>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `<db_name>/` - `<sample_id>.centrifuger.classification.tsv`: File containing classification assignment for each read (read ID, taxonomy ID, score, length etc.)  
  - `<sample_id>.centrifuger.report.tsv`: A kraken-style report that summarizes the taxID, taxonomicRank, length of genome sequence, number of classified reads and
  uniquely classified reads.
 - `<sample_id>.centrifuge.classified.fq.gz`: FASTQ file containng classified reads (optional, if `--centrifuger_save_reads`.
 - `<sample_id>.centrifuge.unclassified.fq.qz`: FASTQ file containng unclassified reads (optional, if `--centrifuger_save_reads`. - `centrifuger_<id>_combined_reports.txt`: Combined multi-sample Kraken-style report (produced by KrakenTools' `combine_kreports.py`)
  </details>
```

- `centrifuge/`
  - `<db_name>/`

>     - `<sample_id>.centrifuge.mapped.fastq.gz`: File containing the classification assignment for each read (read ID, taxonomy ID, score, length etc )

Reviewer: The description here doesn't seem to make sense, thje FASTQ file just contains the reads, it's not the classification results?
```suggestion
    - `<sample_id>.centrifuge.mapped.fastq.gz`: `FASTQ` files containing all reads that were classified against a reference
```

The main taxonomic classification files from Centrifuge are the `_combined_reports.txt`, `*report.txt`, `*results.txt` and the `*centrifuge.txt`. The latter is used by the taxpasta step. You will receive the `.fastq` files if you supply `--centrifuge_save_reads`.

### Centrifuger

[Centrifuger](https://github.com/mourisl/centrifuger) is a taxonomic sequence classifier (bulk and single-cell data, short and long read) using FM-index with run-block compressed BWT.

<details markdown="1">
<summary>Output files</summary>

- `centrifuger/`
  - `<db_name>/` - `<sample_id>.centrifuger.classification.tsv`: File containing classification assignment for each read (read ID, taxonomy ID, score, length etc.)

>     - `<sample_id>.centrifuger.report.tsv`: A kraken-style report that summarizes the taxID, taxonomicRank, length of genome sequence, number of classified reads and uniquely classified reads.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - `<sample_id>.centrifuger.report.tsv`: A kraken-style report that summarizes the taxID, taxonomic rank, length of genome sequence, number of classified reads and uniquely classified reads.
```

>     - `<sample_id>.centrifuge.classified.fq.gz`: FASTQ file containng classified reads (optional, if `--centrifuger_save_reads`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `<sample_id>.centrifuge.classified.fq.gz`: FASTQ file containing classified reads (optional, if `--centrifuger_save_reads`.
```

    - `<sample_id>.centrifuge.unclassified.fq.qz`: FASTQ file containng unclassified reads (optional, if `--centrifuger_save_reads`.
    - `centrifuger_<id>_combined_reports.txt`: Combined multi-sample Kraken-style report (produced by KrakenTools' `combine_kreports.py`)

  </details>

> The main taxonomic classification files from Centrifuger are the `_combined_reports.txt`, and the per-smaple `*report.tsv`. The latter is used by the taxpasta step. You will receive the `.fastq` files if you supply `--centrifuge_save_reads`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The main taxonomic classification files from Centrifuger are the `_combined_reports.txt`, and the per-sample `*report.tsv`. The latter is used by the taxpasta step. You will receive the `.fastq` files if you supply `--centrifuge_save_reads`.
```
